---
title: Queen’s Necklace
date: "2015-10-12T20:46:37.121Z"
---

I have never had a chance to visit World Trade Center, Mumbai before. Until one day, my best friend told me that there was a beautiful sea face behind the huge tower of WTC. I decided to check it out, as I had not been out for so long. I hated going out on those days. As I was not going out with the person I wanted to spend time with. The person without whom I never imagined my life and now here I was looking to break into the outer world again!

I took the taxi ride from CST to WTC. I got down from the taxi and I was standing in front of one of the tallest buildings in South Asia. After long days of feeling down, I finally looked up and that was way up. Thanks to WTC. I was waiting for my friend to show up. I took a glance at a nearby area. Finally, I was at a place where they were less or almost no couples. It was good for me, seeing couples made me even more sad. One emo I was back then. Finally, my friend was there and we started walking towards Maker Tower. The place that my friend was talking about is just behind Maker Tower. We reached that place and I saw something beautiful after a long time. I saw a sea of smiling faces looking towards a sea and enjoying their time.

Thanks to unpopularity of this place, it was not packed with those couples that make out in public. I saw some elder people, some family and some college students enjoying that view, talking with each other and laughing. Unlike most sea view, it was not the infinite water view. Instead I was looking at the marine drive also known as Queen’s Necklace. I have seen a marine drive but looking at a marine drive from long distance was something else. It was so beautiful. I just wanted to stare at it and talk about some random stuff with my friend. There were some tetrapods along the sea corner. We sat on it and started talking about some random topics. It was still daylight at that time. We talked about each other’s life and then only about my past life. All this time, time was passing and soon there was no sunlight and it was all dark. Just like my life was back then.

I was about to go into a depressing mode, but some imaginary magician waved his wand over marine drive. In parallel, as he was moving his wand over marine drive, it got lit up with city lights. I think it was his best act. The greatest act that turned marine drive into Queen’s Necklace. That view was not just about Queen’s Necklace, there was other building lights nearby marine drive that also added to the beauty of that view. That made me think about some random stuff. I compared my life with the city lights of marine drive.

City lights are not made of only one color. It would not be beautiful to see if it was made of only one color. So is our life, if we had only good moments in it then would it be a life worth leaving for. City light around marine drive is not constant. There are some brighter and darker spots. So is our life. As Tom Hanks said in the movie Forrest Gump, “Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re gonna get”. I believe it is true. In life, you will not always get happy moments, sometimes it will be hard on you but remember there will always be good moments after it. You just have to go on with your life.

When I described this to my friend, I was sure that if she had a gun she would have shot me right there. Haha. So I added a few more lines to make it sound funny. In those beautiful city lights of marine drive, there was this one building and it was brighter than the others. I said, “that building represents Indian marriage hall”. Big fat Indian wedding with lots of lights and decorations. Probably the best time of your life. Brightest lights.

My thinking took a lot of time than I thought it would actually have been. So we started towards our respective home. I left that beautiful view of marine drive with a few interesting thoughts. From that day till this day, I have tried my best to enjoy my life. Having fun. Going out with friends. Drinking beer.

If you have reached till this part then thanks to you. I hope you also enjoy your life and be awesome. Enjoy and remember “Why fear when you have a beer!!!”